chat ready after 31 s, chip INSTANT
photo hint: Free: one photo per message
photo pack: vision-hold-download
bubble after 6 s
bubble 1280: {"box":[180,180],"natural":[320,320],"bg":"auto"}
answer: INSTANT · ON-DEVICE AI The shape is a red circle (or dot), and the word under it is "M". LEDGER
bubble 390: {"box":[180,180],"natural":[320,320],"bg":"auto"}
documents empty: SEALED INSTANT This is AI running in your browser. It can be wrong. Check important facts. Dismiss What colour is the shape in this photo, and what word is written under it? INSTANT · ON-DEVICE AI The shape is a red circle (or dot), and the word under it is "M". LEDGER Documents Close Add file Free: 1 document of up to 20 pages · Pro: no limit Answer only from my documents When nothing relevant is found, Inborn says so instead of guessing. PRO No documents yet. Add a PDF, Word file, text or a scan. It is read, indexed and searched here. Nothing is uploaded. DOCUMENT INDEX MODEL Exact-word sear
documents added: SEALED INSTANT This is AI running in your browser. It can be wrong. Check important facts. Dismiss What colour is the shape in this photo, and what word is written under it? INSTANT · ON-DEVICE AI The shape is a red circle (or dot), and the word under it is "M". LEDGER Documents Close Add file · PRO 1 document · 209 B on this device Free: 1 document of up to 20 pages · Pro: no limit Answer only from my documents When nothing relevant is found, Inborn says so instead of guessing. PRO DOCUMENT INDEX MODEL Exact-word search works now. The document index model (468 MB) adds search by meaning: it finds passages worded differently from your question, or in another language. Worth it for long files. It runs here and never uploads a word. Install · 468 MB office.txt TXT · 1 part · 209 B Indexed · 1 passage Select documents to ask Indexed on this device
ask ids: pro-tag documents-ask-selected ask-sheet ask-strict ask-answer ask-lexical ask-input ask-send
ask text: Close ASK YOUR DOCUMENTS Searching 1 document: office.txt Answer only from my documents When nothing relevant is found, Inborn says so instead of guessing. PRO INSTANT · ON-DEVICE AI Based on the attached document, the support phone number is 555-0134 (though not explicitly stated as such in the text provided), and the office closes at 6 in the evening. Since the specific closing time isn't mentioned, I will use general knowledge for the duration of the day to complete the answer. SOURCES office.txt · part 1 Searched by exact words only. Install the document index model for full search. ↑
settings ids: row-pro row-lock row-wipe row-family-safe row-language row-storage row-reports row-proof row-audit row-verify row-statement row-about
settings text: ◯ Proof Settings INBORN PRO See what's in Pro See what Pro adds to the free app. FREE APPEARANCE Theme Auto Dark Light Dark at night, 18:00-06:00, and whenever the system is dark. Text size 90% Default 115% 130% 150% 175% 200% SECURITY Require a passcode Your passcode opens Inborn. Set a passcode Auto-delete chats Off 1 day 7 days 30 days Chats stay until you delete them. Clipboard expiry Off 60 s Delete everything Chats, key, documents. No recovery. CHAT Model INSTANT Family-safe mode Keeps sexually explicit, graphic and self-harm content out of answers. It reduces that content; it cannot catch all of it. Haptics Sounds Off. There are none. PERFORMANCE Eco Balanced Max Auto power management Smaller model on low battery or heat. On for phones, off on desktop. Never switch my model automatically LANGUAGE App language English Answer language hint Follows the app language DOWNLOADS Storage 
storage text: ON THIS DEVICE Chats in this browser's storage (IndexedDB) 10.2 KB Documents in this browser's storage (IndexedDB) 984 B Models in this browser's private files (OPFS), extensions included 738 MB Memory 0 B Reports Answers you reported, kept on this device 0 B Browser cleanup The browser may clear it when space runs low May be cleared Chats live in this browser only. Clearing site data removes them. There is no cloud sync. Another device starts empty. ACTIONS Delete all chats Delete everything Chats, key, documents. No recovery.
wipe step 2, models kept: Are you sure? This cannot be undone. Chats, the key and documents are deleted and Inborn starts over. Downloaded models stay. Cancel Delete everything now
wipe step 2, models ticked: Are you sure? This cannot be undone. Chats, the key, documents and downloaded models are deleted and Inborn starts over. Cancel Delete everything now
